# storcli-check

Use LSI storcli command line to check status of disk

## generate-master.py

This script is called manually and generates a "master" file to compare later
runs of storcli against.  It calls transform.py to ignore some data that can
change between storcli runs.

## compare.py

This script is intended to be called by send-notice.sh.  It compares a file
generated by generate-master.py against the output of a current run of the
storcli command.  It calls transform.py to ignore some data that can change
between storcli runs.

## transform.py

This is a helper script called by generate-master.py and compare.py to change
some data that can change between runs but the changes themselves are not
considered important, i.e.  a background task is active on one or more of the
RAID groups.

## send-notice.sh

This script is called directly from cron (can be called manually as well).  It
is responsible for sending the output of the compare.py command to the e-mail
addresses specified in the script.  If no problems are encountered, the script
will only send one message per day; it will send an alert message each time
invoked if a problem is detected.

Please change the default settings to match your environment.

## config_storcli.py

This configuration file defines the full path to the storcli command as well as
the necessary command-line arguments.

You can substitute other commands, i.e. "/bin/cat /dev/null" for testing
purposes.

### raid.master.txt

Sample output of storcli command for use when testing on a machine without an
appropriate RAID card or without root access.

### crontab.txt

Sample UNCX cron entry that runs hourly.
